Merc Release 2.0 Beta
Sunday 04 April 1993

Furey	mec@garnet.berkeley.edu
Hatchet	mitchell@ocf.berkeley.edu
Kahn	michael@web.berkeley.edu



=== Contribution Policy

We welcome contributions to Merc.

You can send us areas, spells, skills, bug reports, bug fixes, code, ideas,
comments on our documentation, interesting stories, or anything else, to any of
our addresses above.

We particularly would like to get copies of 'bugs.txt', 'ideas.txt', and
'typos.txt' from any site running a Merc mud.

If we use your contribution, we will credit you for it in this file and in the
source files.  The 'areas' command lists authors within the game, and 'help
merc' credits major contributions as well.

Merc is devoted to open release.  Once we accept a contribution, it will
become available to the entire mud community.  Also, once we accept a
contribution and integrate it into Merc, we will not remove it later if you
change your mind.

You are welcome to use any element of Merc in your own mud, as long as you
follow the terms in 'license.doc' and 'license.txt'.  If you take things from
Merc we'd appreciate e-mail from you.



=== The First Contributions

Merc Mud is based on Diku Mud, with Copper and Alfa enhancements.

When we first started, Impy of Fajita Mud answered a lot of our newbie-coder
questions.

Frag, Tin, Razor, Jordan, Tre, and Matrix play-tested early Merc code.

The Free Software Foundation and DJ Delorie wrote our development tools, and
distribute them free, with source.



=== New Area Contributions

Vamplestat reworked and extended Miden'nir.

Nirrad contributed the Fire Newt area.

Tyrst contributed Wyvern Tower.

Doctor contributed Galaxy.

Raff contributed Dwarven Catacombs, Dangerous Neighborhood, and Elemental
Canyon.

Aod and Cauchy of Generic Mud gave us permission to use Smurf Village, Gnome
Village, Dwarven Day Care Center, Old Marsh, Draconia, and Olympus.

John Brothers of Silly Mud gave us permission to use Silly areas.  Although we
haven't taken any yet, we appreciate having 2 megabytes of areas to draw on!



=== Code and Idea Contributions

Zrin contributed an 'auto-exit' function.

We got the 'stats over 18 from magic items' idea from Alander.

Diavolo contributed the gruesome 'death_cry' function.

Many other imps and players gave us hundreds of suggestions, some of which are
now realized.  Thanks to you all!

Aod and Cauchy of Generic gave us permission to use Generic code.

John Brothers of Silly gave us permission to use Silly code.  Although we
haven't used any Silly code yet, we appreciate having it available.



=== Bug Reports

Mud Lite, Vego Mud, Final Mud, Rivers of Mud, Ruhr Mud, and Chase Mud sent us
their 'bugs.txt', 'ideas.txt', and 'typos.txt' files.  These were VERY helpful
and we ask that all Merc-based muds e-mail us these files from time to time.

Hind and Quin (not the original Quinn of Diku, another Quin) helped on the
Ultrix port.  Vic helped on the Linux port and 386/BSD ports.  Diavolo helped
on the RS/6000 port.  Alander helped on the NeXT port.  Shephane Haechler
helped on the Hpux port.

During the course of the Linux port, Vic isolated some mystifying memory
management problems.

Abaddon proofread our comm.c and reported several bugs and weak spots.
Of course, any remaining problems are ours, not his.

Kalgen reported bugs in the 2.0 Alpha release.



=== Mailing List

Thanks to Zrin for administering the Merc mailing list.  You can join the list
by sending e-mail to merc-request@testeng.amdahl.com.
